Hello. Good afternoon, sir. How are you? You're Armando last week. My associate, Dr. Woofer, before. And this is totally new and unusual for you. Right. You don't typically get headaches like this or. Right. Pain or anything. Well, I've had migraines before, but I mean, they're large, you know. Why feel like a migraine? It felt just a little bit different. Yeah, yeah. Started like maybe Monday, Monday, Sunday night. I felt a little headache. And it just kind of moved this way and it got progressively stronger. And I feel a sharp pain through my. Towards the back of my head and like it radiates back and makes my little like muscles here. Oh, like shape twitching. Yeah. But. Dealing with it all week. Right. I've been doing fine at work and. Things like that, but yesterday was pretty bad. Was to read through a little thing that it gives me and took some payments or you know, like over the counter stuff. Yeah. And same thing today. Cold compresses, shooting. I did put some yesterday because I felt cloudy. Like maybe I thought maybe I was getting sick, but I had been pretty healthy. And I don't feel sinuses, I don't feel anything. That was one question I was going to ask you. Stuffy nose or runny nose or short throat or cough? Did have a colonoscopy on Friday. Yeah. And I thought, you know, just to drink more water like Sunday night. And so I've been drinking and what I think is plenty of water, but I supposed to get better. Yeah, something. Yeah, good idea. And so far so good with everything. We put you through, your peripheral vision. There were like a couple spots in the right eye way up at the top that for whatever reason we missed. And the left eye was totally clear. So I don't know if that's anything to be concerned with as far as peripheral vision reduction. Your vision was awesome. It was still 2020. The left eye didn't seem affected at all. And the pain is not on the. Left side of your forehead anymore as. Far as you can tell. Don't have any rash or anything or skin or tenderness to your scalp or anything like that. No tearing or mucus discharge or light sensitivity or. Well, you know, I did decide to. Come home from work at drinks at. The school and just. I went home and just blocked everything out. Yeah, I slept it off pretty much. That felt better. I felt better later last night. Yeah. But then at night, for whatever reason, I kept feeling this pain. Like woke up after you've been asleep. For a while and had that anger. I had like a little pain, like. Pressure Almost felt like pressure, but then I was able to go back to sleep. And then this morning, I thought I could just take on the day. Yeah. But. Looked at, I do it before the weekend, too. So why we called primary. Just, I. Don'T know, give me shots. Do you feel that pain? I'm like that. Does it almost feel like when the pain comes, does your eyelid almost squint close all the way and you can't stop? Like, you can't open it as comfortably as, you know, with the pain? I get a little bit of caution, things like that. And. And so yesterday I was like, oh, I can work, but as long as I don't move, then I'm gonna be okay. But then I feel sick, so. But yeah, it does that. It almost like the little pain comes and it kind of closes my eye, and I do feel like this going down a little bit my eyelid. But, you know, po again, I thought. Man, yeah, that's odd. For that to continue, like, and to wake you up or, you know, you. Wake up to feel that way, that's kind of odd. Well, I don't know if you were. Told from Rose, but I use a scribe that takes my notes for me and does all my data entry into the chart. His name is Jesse, so he's listening on the iPad here. A Google meeting, if you're okay with. That and everything that I'm asking you. He can kind of document the question answers. So I'm going to give him kind of a rundown of what you just said, since he couldn't see where you were pointing. Jesse, when he was talking about the head pain, he said it kind of started between the eyes and across the whole front of the forehead, just above the brow, and then kind of radiates back over the top of the head and into the back of the head. And it almost feels like the sharp pain in the eye is sort of going through the eye and into the back of the head. Does it hurt to move your eyes? Like, if you keep your head still but look to the right or left, is that pain? It almost felt like it's a little swollen, but, I mean, I don't see any swollen, but it does hurt, like, to move it or, you know, it is sensitive to the chest. If I touch it or with the cold complex, I can feel, like, a little bit of pressure there. Okay. Yeah. Let's do. Let me show you this first, because this is. This was the most important thing I. Wanted to get other than the peripheral. Vision test, which was a photograph of Your retina at the back of the eye. So what's the back wall of the eyeball look like? Specifically to make sure we didn't have any swelling or any weird stuff happening to the optic nerve, which is the extension cord. That kind of takes all the information from the eye to the brain. It looks perfectly normal and totally healthy here, as the rest of the blood vessels do and as the macula does. So the photographs we took look perfectly normal on both eyes. That's the left one. Everything's just kind of a mirror image on this side. That's the edge of the instrument here that we got a photograph of. Obviously those are eyelids and lashes. So nothing here is telling me yet what's going on because the anatomy looks normal. These are cross sectional scans of the macula and then the optic nerve here. It did say the medications in the. Cool compresses do help a little bit. They'll blunt it a little for a period of time, but it comes back. And it does feel like there's tightness here when you get that pain. Almost like you're doing this or kind of holding your eyes taut. I had a patient one time who had something similar, but he had it in both eyes. And this is really interesting. What that ended up being. It was called central blepharospasm, which basically meant out of his control. The focusing muscles and the squinting muscles around his forehead and his eyebrows and his eyes just would clamp down and. Kind of overdo it like that. And he could not relax and let those go. So he was getting these massive headaches and he didn't have the eye pain as much. And the interesting thing is the treatment they ended up using was a Botox injection. And he did a Botox injection in the muscles above the head, which they don't let optometrists do in Kansas. Those muscles great with that and six months, and then when it wore off. You never needed it again. It just kind of happened out of the blue. So it could be anything. It could be muscular, it could be, you know, some kind of sinus thing or infection that just hasn't shown up yet. Or it could be eye strain from like over focusing. Do you feel like it's. Does it get worse when you read or when you look up close or focus on something up close. There? Where do you work? Well, let's do a couple things. Let me turn the light back on if that's tolerable. What I want to do is just add your cat. Make sure the eyelids are about the same level on Both sides. That looks good. Keep your head still, but look your. Eyes all the way to the right. So again, there's a bit all the way over there. Does that hurt to. I mean, I can feel it more than this one, but I can. You know, we can move. It's not restricted or anything. It doesn't feel like sharpshooting pain to get there. Okay, try the other side. No difference in the discomfort or anything there. Look up to the ceiling if you can. That looks good. Now down to the floor. Raise your effort. Make sure those react the same. So this one, you just kind of. Take a spot over there on the. Paper towel dispenser or on the six. Point. At a time. Is that uncomfortable to get that light shined in the eye? Yeah. What if I go over here? Is that any more comfortable or less comfortable? So it doesn't bother me as much. To have it on that right side. A little bit wider if you can. I want to see if that constricts down. Same thing on this side. When I shine the light at this side. Is the right eye hurt a little bit? A little bit? No, not as much as when the. Light'S going directly in it like that. That's less comfortable. Okay, Keep straight. Try to keep them both open if. You can, for just a little. With the front halfway eye. So just. We did the pupil testing. The pupils look normal. So you can just hit the normal button on that. We did EOM testing, and that looks fine. That would be on the preliminary tab. Yeah. So OEM in the middle there is. Full and smooth with no restriction. And then. Yep, that one's round, rapd absent. Yep. This is not going to be very long because it's going to be very bright. But whenever you're ready, look straight ahead here. Close your eyes just for a second. Does it feel better to close them? And then go ahead and look straight. Up to the ceiling. Down to the floor. Can you tell if it's the lid or is it more like the eyeball. That feels the pressure through the lid? Does that make any sense? And the one over here? That is in the center. Upper and lower lids look clean on the meibomian glands. That might say mild secretion thickening on all four lids. In the palpebral conjunctiva, there's a few concretions in the inferior palpebral congenital. If you look over the shoulder, probably. One plus injection. In the conjuctiva. Straight down, straight ahead. Get in less bright. Looks pretty good. You're a little bit red on this. Side, does it look more red in the mirror on the right side? Has this been painful, too? If you more up toward your ear than toward your nose, as far as. The amount of redness, as if the iris muscle on the inside of the eye is inflamed. You'll see little white blood cells floating. Around in the chamber of fluid in front of that. And I don't see that, so that's a good sign. So, Jesse, if you can mark cell and flare in the anterior chamber as. Negative and none, that'd be good. Iris looks normal. Lens is clear. Straight down. Feel sandy or gritty or dry on. That right side at all or not really. No mucus discharge or matter or anything. In the corner of the eye in. The mornings or stuff like that. Right. Another bend little. Both eyes are just. See on the eyelids. On the left, everything's very similar to the right. So lot of secretion thickening both lids. Concretions on the palpeval column, the schinterior and then in the bulbar convex, maybe. Trace injection, small panguecula temporal. In the cornea. Everything looks clear. Lens is clear. Iris is normal. Through the pupil here. All right. Now if you look straight ahead as. Wide as you can. What was our CD last time on the right eye, Jesse? Six zero roundup. Actually a little smaller than that. I'd probably go four zero five zero. Four five five zero, actually. Yeah. Five around, though. Yeah, Keep that one saved. Sit back, relax. You can see that spread of light. That I shined in each eye for a little bit of time. So as I was doing that, obviously. It is really bright. Was that kind of making the pain worse on that right eye to be sort of. Being in the bright light for a while? So, yeah, light makes it worse, sort of like. And do two more things. I'm going to put an eye drop on the front half of the eye that is going to have two ingredients. One is a yellow dye that will stain the tears and spread across the surface of what's called the cornea. It's the clear skin on the surface of the eye. And the other is an anesthetic. So it's actually going to numb that surface. The chart started for him, by the way, Jason. And if so, does it happen to. Be under Dr. Woofer? Can you change it to me so. I can. View it? It's okay. Now, do. You. No new medications or anything like that that you've started recently that we can think of might cause any headaches? Start taking Dexa or something like that? Yeah. Oh, it's the sex symbiosis. But. As far as, you know, no other reactions to anesthesia that you ever had. Like, you may have done a tricholonoscopy. Or anything like that? Those are just a blast. Again, I got my first one about. Two Fridays or three Fridays ago. Prep is the course part. Yes. Okay, so let's clean that up on the surface area. It's going to turn the white part. Of their eye yellow. It actually stains your tears. But there's a little skin that is original that keeps it from soaking in. The back. Because it stains your tears. Those drain down into the back of the nose. So if you blow your nose later and see a little yellow dye that's perfectly normal and expected that gifts a little. And I'm going to use. It's kind of like a black light to see that yellow dye to see. If we get any abrasions or scratches or any areas where there's. Something on the surface of the scene. Downward. The whole surface of the eye is perfectly clear. So in the physical exam. Yes, you just use the fluorescent minoxid and then no staining in the cornea. Kind of break from that flying light for a little bit. I'm not sure how to focus or. Strain or spin all the time. See if I can get a different measurement. Do you wear glasses or contact? Which ones? Contacts that you wore this week or. Saturday night, I think, and then Sunday. Was about when the pain started occurring. See, I haven't been wearing anything since then. And then just these. You know, I haven't made that much. Yeah. And. Was it the same prescription that you got from us, or is it an older one? I'm going to back and see what he's got. As far as the power. Yeah, they're multipurpose. So in the contacts, we've got the distance power far away. And then we've actually got a little. Bit of reading boost in the periphery of the lens. That should allow your eye muscles to relax as you're wearing in and see up close without having to string your sweat too much. So that makes me wonder since I kind of coincided with when that started occurring. If you're just getting a ton of eye strain subconsciously without really even realizing you're doing it. But when you're not wearing them, you. Can see up close. Okay. You just can't see far away. Right. See, let's do. Let me type in the numbers that you've got. You can close your eyes or lean back for a second. Otherwise it's going to be Kind of. Dizzy as you go looking into the. Lens here. If you look through there. Can you actually see that TV screen? Okay. And then if I block your left. Eye and use the right, what's the smallest you can try? Yeah, it is. Is that better, worse or not the same? Worse. Even worse if I go that way. A little better here. Any sharper on that one? Is this any better? Yes. How about this one? That's the previous. That's one. Does that look best or two or very close one? Definitely. On the next one you're going to see a couple options here. Do you think three is better? Which is that? One or four? Three, five or six or are they kind of similar? And then seven, eight or no difference. Eight, nine or ten? One or two. And then this is three. Does that look better? Or four? Four, five versus six and seven. Four, eight. On this one. Are the letters sharper in the red. Or in the green there? Yeah. Bottom line readable. Here. It is. If we switch and go to the left eye, can you do the new. Bottom line. Better or worse on that one? That's where we started. Any sharper here? Yes. And then is that any better? And then this one is one. Does that look faster? Two, three or four and then five or six? Six. Five. Five. Five sharper. This one's seven. That's your eight. Seven, nine or ten. One or two? Two, three or four. Are those close? Three? Yeah. Five or six? Seven or eight and nine or seven. Yeah. But this one isn't better on this one, which is one or two? Three or four? Yes. Here in the red half of the. Screen or in the green? Not now. This one. Right again. This one. Similar with this one. Can you read the bottom? It is. We give you both eyes open at the same time. Should see double two screens, one above the other. Is the clarity. Sharper on the top one or on the bottom? What about now? This one? Yeah. It should change back to the bottom. So in this one it's the bottom. Which one is it here? This one. That one. So I want to show them they look as similar as possible. So once we get rid of this. Power, I'm going to make that really bad on purpose. So you're looking there. Can you read any of them or are they all too blurred? If I do that, terrible. There's a point to this, I promise. But as you're looking at that, when. You'Re looking through that, it's going to look blurry. Your brain's typical response would be, I bet you if I focus, train Your. Split, that'll look better, but if it. Tries to do that, it'll make it worse. And so hopefully it'll kind of get the hint and relax for us so. That we can measure. Prescription here. Is it fluctuating a lot? Is it kind of coming in and out, in and out, or is it. So there are times when you can. Read the top line, even. This one. A lot worse right away? Yeah, it should be worse. So the goal here is to give. It time until finally get relaxation of those muscles and then walk back really slowly until we kind of give you the least amount of power to get the best clarity. That's still terrible, right? Can't read the top one yet. Is it still. Can you tell if it's fluctuating? Is it kind of getting better and. Worse at times, or is it staying about the same? Get that to actually pause or sort of stop doing the fluctuation. Take a minute to get there. Obviously it'll never be clear. So we've got less fluctuation. So it should be slightly better if we do that. Not great, but a little better. Any better on this one? Is it still fluctuating again now. That'S perfect. Is this better? And then do you see the best. With your right eye? Do you think that one looks the. Clearest or with your left at the moment? Left is better. How about here? Right eye, left eye or no change. And then how about here? Right eye, left eye. And then here's the other one. Right eye or left eye? Good. How about now? Right eye, left. Yeah, she changed. So we're right. And hopefully this one, if you're saying this on a metaverse, looks about the same. Is the right eye better or the left? Or are they equal? Left. That's the goal. So if we keep them similar, going this way makes everything worse, right? Better here? Knee sharper on that one. Can you do the middle? How about there? Anything on the bottom? It is. Is that any better? Bottom pretty comfortable. Now I don't have to work too hard at it. Right? Any sharp on that one? Are about the same. If we go smaller. Can you try the very bottom? Yes. Good. Is that better or worse? Worse there. And even though they're both a little. Blurry, do you see better now with. The right eye or now with the left eye? How about ear? Right eye or left side? Yeah, should change with both open. Okay, here. This is worse, right? A little better. Any sharper on that one? Yeah, should be good enough to read the bottom. Maybe picking and choosing. Can you try it? One More time. Yes. That was perfect. Is it any sharper if I do that? Yeah. So that should be pretty darn good there. This one's the best you've seen so far, right? Yeah. Okay, here's the difference. So this is you without glasses. You've probably known this forever, but you are nearsighted, so you can't see that at a distance when you don't have the glasses on or the contacts in. If we give you this power, hopefully that looks a lot better, feels more comfortable. That's still nice and sharp. Okay. And then if I give you this. One right here, is that better or worse right there? So this is the one from September. And then what we're getting today is more like this one here. They're not crazy different. This right eye is a little bit. Weaker today than what we had back in September. So I don't know if that extra. Power that's kind of in that contact. Lens that you are currently wearing and. Probably in your old glasses prescription too, based on what we had documented, what that was before you sight looks like maybe that right eye has gotten a little less nearsighted or kind of gone backwards and almost gotten better a little than what the left one is. And so if we've got one eye that's still seeing well, like maybe the. Left with the current contact lens, and. One that's a little overcorrected sometimes, that'll. Give you a headache even if you're. Not reading, if you're just looking far away. I'll show you that one more time. So here's the prescription that actually, I think. Did you bring a pair of glasses with you today? Yeah. So this is what's in your glasses. Actually, this is not what you got. For your prescription a little bit ago in September. That's your old glasses prescription. And then here's what we were getting today right there. A little better with that new power. But it is actually a smaller prescription. Than what you had before. Let me have you sit back for. A second, then we'll go up close. That was for distance. Come back in there. There is no reading help in there right now. This is the distance prescription. You can't use those. Or are they too small, too blurry. Not comfortable at all to try and focus on acne. I feel the. The eye straining a little bit or. Yeah, right. That muscle on the inside of the eye is having to focus quite a bit to read it. And then is that any better or easier? More comfortable? And that's the reading strength that he had added in the glasses prescription back in September. So kind of rapid fire here. If we take it out, I want. You went over with you. But usually between age 40 and 45, somewhere in there, we start losing our ability to use our eye muscles to focus and make things look sharper for reading. So I'm wondering if going back to. Glasses which don't have any bifocal help. In them, or reading, taking the contacts off that had that multifocal power in. It that he almost maybe gotten used to for a bit, have your eyes much more relaxed. Excuse me. Then taking the contact lenses out and putting the glasses on made them strain. A heck of a lot more again to be able to read comfortably. So that's. You're doing all the work here yourself. This is the reading glasses doing about two thirds of the work for you. Contact lenses should look a little more comfortable, a little sharper, a little more magnified. Unless you're a second finishment, you'll have tight or toppies that centered all over the sky. Because you're focusing the same amount on. The right here on the left, you don't look like you're furrowing your brow too. So that's a tough one because the. Only way we're going to know if. That'S the issue is to probably start running the contacts again and get back. Into the prescription that's giving you the. Help to read up close comfortably. And even then, I'm still a little bit worried that there's some mild inflammation or something in that right eye that's causing some discomfort there. They haven't figured out yet. I don't know with 100% certainty exactly what's going on. But my best estimation is a combination of two things. Straining and swaying and focusing, especially for up close. The only thing that doesn't fit that bill is you mentioned I wake up at night too. You're not usually focusing on agreements, so that doesn't necessarily fit the bill. The other one is potentially a muscle strain. Whether it's one of the eye muscles that's either on the inside or outside. Of the eye or the top of. The eye, or kind of a spasm of the focusing system. Where I was talking about with the. Other gentleman, he could not. He didn't even know he was doing it. He couldn't stop it, you know, and so he was just doing this all the time. I didn't catch it for a visit or two. And we were doing other things to try to make it feel better. And then I looked at him and went, man, you're just kind of wrinkled up here. Way more than I remember from the. Last time we were here. What's that about? We ended up sending in for a consultation for Botox. And if it helps, we'll hit this here. The good news, I suppose, is that the anatomy of the eye looks perfectly normal. I don't see any issues from a. Health perspective that are real obvious. The question is, what's the best way to help you? Obviously wearing the glasses, you can see far away. Great. But if you take them off when. You read up close, you've got to. Hold things really close to your face. Before you can see them clearly. Was there anything wrong with the contact lenses? Are you out of them at all or anything? No. What was the reason behind taking them all? They were working fine. I just bored them. I just wore them the whole week prior to my colonoscopy. And as a matter of fact, that morning I still. And then I used to. Take them off. Okay, fine. Yeah. And so we did that procedure. And then Sunday or Friday, I just kind of relaxed at home. And then it just didn't demolish. Took notes. And then on Saturday, I felt my eyes pretty heavy. I started to cough. Okay, gotcha. So you start getting high sometimes. Picking them up. And then on Sunday I didn't just. Do my training and then watch my. Phone, but I don't need glasses to do that. And then Monday I woke up to. Work Sunday, before you ever wear the. Glasses to work, you were already feeling it. Yeah. And I just kept moving here and yesterday it's like, you know, performing well and doing that work, but I can't get up and test the customer. And then I had this pain, which I was thinking I'd be broken by then. And that pain just kept getting worse. Yeah. And then today, and like I said, I fell asleep with yesterday. A little. Bit better in the evening and then drank water, had a night during my dinner and then I went back to bed. And then in the morning or at. Night I woke up with pressure. Sit. The dog out, came back in, lay back down. And then I just had this pain. So chewing. Yeah, I do wake up early today. Because, you know, I do want to. Want to go to work, shower and. Everything, but just that pain is still there. I haven't eaten bocce yet. That's, you know, feel at times when I get pain and it's strong. I'll feel nauseous. Yeah. And panic. Get your rich and clean. Is it kind of anxiety or panic and kind of sweaty? See how this Child is concerned about it. Sure. So I was like, man, I don't know if I feel warm just because. I'm worried about it. Yeah, the ominous, I don't know if it's fever because I'm feeling anxiety a lot. But you know, went home, drank water. Taken Excedrin, just that bit sort of. Spawning. Any of those. The ibuprofen works better or the Excedrin. Or the, when the Excedrin took off the engine. It was blunted a little bit or improved. But have you been able to tell. With that anesthetic drop on the surface. Of the right eye? Actually both eyes has it felt any. Better in the last five or 10 minutes? So a lot of times that's a test we'll use too to say I wonder if something on the surface of. The white part of the eye or. The cornea, the clear skin is inflamed. Or irritated or uncomfortable. And if the pain gets way better. After I put that anesthetic drop in, that's a good indicator that using something like a topical steroid drop might be. Very helpful to getting rid of the. Pain or even using something like they make an nsaid. So a non steroid or anti inflammatory like Tylenol or Isopropan that comes in. An eye drop too. We usually don't mess with them because they're older. The preservative they have sometimes a little. Uncomfortable in currents of conventive stain and. They'Re just not as effective typically as a steroid. So a steroid usually works better. So my thought is this. I would love to see if we started using a steroid hydrod four or five times a day over the next couple days. Keep using the ibuprofen or something like that systemically. So when you take those, you take two ibuprofen. And it feels a little bit better to work. But. The pain. The hard part is I'd love to get you back in. The multifocal so that your houses can relax more. But the contact lens and we're using a steroid drop, they usually tell you to leave the contact option for 10 minutes. So you'd be taking the contact out. Putting the drop in, waiting 10 minutes. And then leaving the other one on the left eye and then going and grabbing the contact and putting it back. In after it's soaked in. I think that's really the best thing. To try because that would tell two. Things that would give up the two. Possible reasons why I think this is occurring. Either significant eye strain or what we. Talked about, which is called the essential. Blephospasm and then strain within the surface of the eye or inflammation of the. Sclera or something like that, that's getting better. By having the anterior surface of the eye known. What pharmacy do you prefer? Okay, by the roundabout there. Okay, so, Jesse, I think let's do this. Let's do topical prednisolone, 1%. I'll write that prescription real quick. That's an eye drop that comes as a suspension. So it's powder mixed with liquid. So you want to shake it up. Really good before you put it in the eye. And then you're not supposed to have. A contact lens on when you use. It, but after about 10 minutes, you can put the contact in. And if we can do that four. Times a day, today and tomorrow, and kind of see if that blunts the discomfort a little bit or completely takes. Away, which would be my preference, hopefully that will be. Telling us whether it's. You know, something in the eye itself or not. If we're not getting any relief by. Late tomorrow afternoon. It'S worth checking with. The primary care physician and see if maybe there's some kind of migraine or cluster headache or something that's occurring. That something stronger. My helpless. No. You mention nauseous or sometimes kind of clammy, but no dizziness, slid speech, you. Know, nothing like that, right? No. Okay. I mean, yesterday I did. You know, I don't think it's done with my customers yesterday. Maybe less. A bit more stress than ideal. Exactly. Yep. Good to make sure it isn't the eye itself because we have tons of stuff that gives headaches or eye pain. And, you know, just taking ibuprofen will never cure us. It's got to be treated topically, so. All right, so that's going to say one drop to Radag four times a day should really go for use. The name should be less than $15 as our expense approximate expense calculator. You have plenty of contact lens painters at home. Do you have boxes? Yeah. Good. I don't see any reason why we can't wear the contact lens. In fact, if anything, I think it's. Going to help because I think part. Of it has to be either made. Worse or is coming from. Especially when you look up close, doing. All that focusing and straining is going. To make that look clear. We can relax those muscles, hopefully will help speed up the process. And then hopefully this topical steroid drop will get any active inflammation around the eye or in the eye. Any other questions you can think of? Exactly The Only thing I haven't made. A decision on yet is whether I. Wanted to do maybe a little bit longer version of the peripheral vision test. Since I missed a couple on that right side. I think it's worth doing that. Let me have you hang out here. For just a minute. Let me have them do one more quick test. Virtual reality headset that you put on. And then when you put the headset on will actually have a little target. Supposed to be imitating distance vision. And then it'll flicker. These little. Instead of like the flickering black and white boxes, it's a tiny little yellow blinking light. And then you just click the button. Whenever you see those. Just make sure we don't have any true vision reduction. Confirm that before they mention the heat. Otherwise, I think our plan is set there. So I would keep using the ibuprofen, two to three of them, just like you do. 400 to 600 milligrams of ibuprofen works great for most pain for stuff with the eye. And then this drop is. I'll leave the light off. Actually relax in here. The eye drops four times a day, so usually breakfast, lunch, dinner, and bedtime is kind of the best way to. Space it out throughout the day. And then if you can wear the. Contacts to try to reduce the eye strain between uses of the drop, that. Hopefully will really help. And we'll go from there. But. My pleasure. Yeah, I hope. I'm glad everything was okay as far as the anatomy. I wish I had a 100% certainty. Of the fact that you were going to get better. I'm hopeful. But you haven't had until we try it. You're very welcome.
